Well Hello, everyone always gave me a look to the video and website
Thank you
Well this guitar course
Follow
That Martin guitar called Manacin acoustic sp is put on the market
It is a matter that is stuck when there is a genuine matter
That's right, so some other party
Price is higher than Hara something, but this time is 68% day to 69% day in Amazon
This 3 set pack from
It sold to less than 2000 yen to this
Try to this Takamine to in
I put it on the guitar and what kind of sound comes out
I 'm pulling a little
This video is the microphone
Insert it in the jack of the personal computer and shoot directly with a microphone
How Kedomo I'm doing without the audio interface at all I'd have
Even though there is no charm is a little whether the transmitted uncertain about
We've played a little in the stroke in zard Well then Pratt Big
Minutes
Four
me
wool
How is it like
me
Yeah yeah yeah
Hey when the sound issue is I Eo noble sound
Though you may have heard 10/10
Even when there is a thick and delicate footstep sound, a delicate sound is produced and such
Sustain sound growth of the sound when pulled dynamically
It is said that the remaining stin
I think Fu that wonder if such between not it that the firm out
If you do something like product introduction like this, it will feel like Jet Daisuke
But also I think Fu Tteyuu us wonder if not it ant also to try to take this opportunity
This time it was about gold acoustic sp
Watching
Thank you very much